# Basic inputs
ml=50
mainjob=COR
subjob=NIN
aftermath=0
mintp=1000
maxtp=1000
spell=Ranged Attack
ws=Savage Blade
initialtp=0
odyrank=30
tvrring=Lehko Habhoka's
tpmetric=Time to WS
spellmetric=Damage dealt
wsmetric=Damage dealt
pdtreq=0
mdtreq=0

# WHM inputs
whm=True
shell5=False
dia=Dia III
haste=Haste II
boost=None
storm=None

# BRD inputs
brd=False
nsongs=Songs +7
song1=Honor March
song2=Aria of Passion
song3=Minuet V
song4=Minuet IV
song5=None
marcato=False
soulvoice=False

# COR inputs
cor=True
nrolls=Rolls +7
roll1value=XI
roll1=Chaos
roll2v=IX
roll2=Samurai
crookedcards=True
jobbonus=True
lightshot=True

# GEO inputs
geo=False
nbubble=Geomancy +10
geopotency=25
indi=Indi-Acumen
geo=Geo-Malaise
entrust=Entrust-AGI
blaze=False
bolster=False

# Enemy inputs
ename=Lugcrawler Hunter
elocation=Crawler's Nest [S]
elevel=138
eevasion=1314
edefense=1446
emagicevasion=0
emagicdefense=0
eagi=346
evit=325
eint=284
emnd=284

# Equipment and food inputs
food=Sublime Sushi
main=Naegling
sub=Gleti's Knife R0
ranged=Ataktos
ammo=Empty
head=Nyame Helm R25B
neck=Republican Platinum Medal
ear1=Chasseur's Earring +2
ear2=Moonshade Earring
body=Nyame Mail R25B
hands=Chasseur's Gants +3
ring1=Cornelia's ring
ring2=Epaminondas's Ring
back=Camulus's Mantle STR Weapon Skill Damage
waist=Sailfi Belt +1 R15
legs=Nyame Flanchard R25B
feet=Nyame Sollerets R25B

# Simulation inputs
tp_main=Naegling
tp_sub=Gleti's Knife R0
tp_ranged=Empty
tp_ammo=Empty
tp_head=Adhemar Bonnet +1 A
tp_neck=Marked Gorget
tp_ear1=Telos Earring
tp_ear2=Suppanomimi
tp_body=Adhemar Jacket +1 A
tp_hands=Adhemar Wristbands +1 A
tp_ring1=Petrov Ring
tp_ring2=Epona's Ring
tp_back=Camulus's Mantle DEX DA
tp_waist=Windbuffet Belt +1
tp_legs=Samnuha Tights
tp_feet=Herculean Boots
ws_main=Naegling
ws_sub=Demersal Degen +1 R15
ws_ranged=Ataktos
ws_ammo=Empty
ws_head=Nyame Helm R25B
ws_neck=Republican Platinum Medal
ws_ear1=Chasseur's Earring +2
ws_ear2=Moonshade Earring
ws_body=Nyame Mail R25B
ws_hands=Chasseur's Gants +3
ws_ring1=Cornelia's ring
ws_ring2=Epaminondas's Ring
ws_back=Camulus's Mantle STR Weapon Skill Damage
ws_waist=Sailfi Belt +1 R15
ws_legs=Nyame Flanchard R25B
ws_feet=Nyame Sollerets R25B

DamageLimit=True

# Window size:  widthxheight
dimensions=861x1010